Heritage Walks The Moment to Understand Heritage and Unique Regional Traditions and Architecture Menu Services Heritage Walks About Us Contact Us Heritage Walks Ahmedabad Heritage Walk: Kalupur Swaminarayan Temple Experience India’s first World Heritage City Ahmedabad with us. 2 hours walk in the old Ahmedabad city, which will give you the perspective about the city. Its culture, people, rich heritage. It starts from the world’s 1st Swaminarayan Temple and ends at Jumma mosque. So, it is like ‘Mandir se Masjid tak’ (From temple to the mosque) shows us harmony between different communities and religion in the old Ahmedabad.  There are more than 600 pols in The old walled city of Ahmedabad. A Timing: before Noon Ashawal Walk: Astodia Darwaja The story of Ahmedabad. When, Where, Why, How the Ahmedabad city was founded. Historical experience is there in this walk. It includes real history as well as folklores about the city. Temple and Mosque sharing the common wall! – The symbol for peace in Ahmedabad. Very important walk for the people who want to see the real Ahmedabad. Timing: Anytime Freedom Walk: Gandhi Ashram As the Ahmedabad city is the heart of India. It was the epicenter for the freedom moment of India. Mahatma Gandhi founded Ashram here and operated freedom moment for very long. So, for the people who want to know about the freedom moment, historical struggles of Azad Bharat(Free India). Which covers two Ashrams of Gandhiji. Kocharab Ashram, Gandhi Ashram and various social works of Ashram. Timing: Anytime Night Walk: Every night at 11, since the 15th century one family gives tribute to the Founder of Ahmedabad with Dhol- Nagara (Indian Musical Instrument). To feel that respect for Emperor Ahmedshah night walk is organized. Slightly different route than the heritage walk, which gives the experience of the old city in Night.  Timing: 9:30pm to 11:30pm Jain Derasar(Temple) Walk:   Hathisingh Jain Temple, Hathisingh na Dehra Ahmedabad City had NAGARSETH. Nagarseth is a person who is the wealthy and famous businessman and he is the person responsible for the city. Since the starting Kings, Governments were not used to run the city. The old Ahmedabad is always run by the Nagarseths. Jain community is well known for their business skills. So, most of the Nagarseths were Jains. Because of that old city has lots of beautiful Jain Temples. There are more than 100 Derasars(temples) in the walled city. This walk includes 100 Jain derasar (temple) for feeling the beauty of it and understand about Jainism and how people lived those days in harmony. Timing: Anytime Heritage Walk Patan: Rani Ki Vav, Queen’s Step-well Classical walk through the old capital of Gujarat. Patan was the capital before Ahmedabad. It is the living proof of the greatness of the Chalukya Dynasty. One can just imagine the beauty of the Patan after visiting Rani Ki Vav(Queen’s step-well), which is 7 storied, 1000 years old step-well. Patan is very rich in terms of its historical importance in Gujarat. Timing: Anytime Copyright © 2019 . Powered by WordPress. Theme: Spacious by ThemeGrill.