The Muhurta - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press alt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Reviews Videos Photos About Community See more of The Muhurta on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of The Muhurta on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now CommunitySee All 543 people like this 543 people follow this 51 check-ins AboutSee All +91 82001 37251 Contact The Muhurta on Messenger www.themuhurta.com Travel Company · Educational Consultant · Management Service Hours Always Open Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - June 1, 2019 People 543 likes Related Pages Online Gujarat News News & Media Website Mihir Raval Public Figure Wings Group Event Ayush Shrotria Musician Assist Thou-Offing to Success Book Meri Sanskriti Cultural Center The Birthday GANG Event Planner Bristi Home Decor Dr. Pokhraj Suthar Radiologist Hetal Thakkar GIFA Public Figure RE/Max Imperial Realty - Ahmedabad Real Estate Bismillah Nikol Ahmedabad Ice Cream Shop Dr Brijesh Patel Doctor Gaurang Patel Politician Dr Shital Punjabi Fertility Doctor V Care Multispeciality dental clinic Orthodontist Saraswati nagarik samaj High School Aayu Care Clinic Doctor Aum advertising & marketing Advertising Agency The Chat Cafe Restaurant See Moretriangle-down Places Ahmedabad, India Business ServiceManagement Service The Muhurta English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2019 Posts The Muhurta October 26 · ?????? ?? ? ????? ???? ???? ??? ???????? ???? ??? ?????? ??? ???? ???????????..... #happydiwali #diwali #themuhurta #heritage #festival#indianfestivals #gujarat #diwali2019 The Muhurta September 29 · ???????????????? ???????? ???????? ???????????? ????? ??? ???????? ? ? ????? ???????????????????? ? Brahmanyaadhaaya karmaani Sangam tyaktvaa karoti yaha... Lipyate na sa paapena Padma patram ivaambhasaa! The person who does actions, offering them to Brahman(the Supreme), abandoning attachment is not tainted by sin, just as a lotus leaf which remains unaffected by the water on it. Lotus has been considered as sacred symbol in traditions. Hindus culture relate the Lotus to their God Vishnu, Brahma, Lakshmi and Saraswati who are often sitting upon this virtuous Lotus flower. The Buddhists consider this Lotus flower as sacred and auspicious as the flower stands for faithfulness in their religion. Lotus is the national flower of India and Vietnam. In Egypt they regarded the Lotus flower as the symbol of Sun God. Lotus seeds are medicinal in nature and used in the treatment of Kidney and heart ailments. Lotus is also useful in the treatment of Palpitation and insomnia. The seeds, leaves and tubers of the Lotus flower are edible. #lotus #flowers #india #hinduism #buddhism #nationalflower #vietnam #culture #significance See More See All Recommendations and Reviews Recommended by 3 people Best people for heritage walks! I simply loved the walk, inspite of living in Ahmedabad for so many ...years, I never knew about a lot of things! It made my day. I definitely recommend The Muhurta. See More July 12 The best place and the best person to learn about heritage and historical gems around us in the city.... A lot of time, Google fails to tell us the hidden facts about these places, which Param and team would walk us through! Highly recommended! See More June 19 Hands down one of the best people to go to, learn about Heritage & Culture and experience a whole ne...w side of this beautiful heritage city! It was fascinating learning about the deep history of how the city was formed and all it went through in a unique way with extremely knowledgable folks who will guide you through an authentic exploration of the heritage city! The food, the ancient structures,and overall experience is one you shouldn’t miss!!! See More June 19 See All Videos Looks like #garba of #karnataka Beeramballi area's local Kadu Kurumba tribals are conserving their cultural heritage. This tribal dance is a welcome dance. They do welcome their guests with this dance and music. Kabini or Kapila river is very auspicious for them. At the amazing @evolvebackresorts they do promote #responsibletourism and #spiritofkabini . Enjoy their welcome and enter to their hearts. #atithidevobhava #incredibleindia #mysuru #kabini #kannada #karnataka #india #heritage #cultu #themuhurta 13 See All Photos See All See More